h1. TeX Quotes 

h3. Time limit: 3.000 seconds.

p<>. TeX is a typesetting language developed by Donald Knuth. It takes source text together with a few typesetting instructions and produces, one hopes, a beautiful document. Beautiful documents use `` and " to delimit quotations, rather than the mundane " which is what is provided by most keyboards. Keyboards typically do not have an oriented double-quote, but they do have a left-single-quote ` and a right-single-quote '. Check your keyboard now to locate the left-single-quote key ` (sometimes called the ``backquote key") and the right-single-quote key ' (sometimes called the ``apostrophe" or just ``quote"). Be careful not to confuse the left-single-quote ` with the ``backslash" key \. TeX lets the user type two left-single-quotes `` to create a left-double-quote `` and two right-single-quotes '' to create a right-double-quote ''. Most typists, however, are accustomed to delimiting their quotations with the un-oriented double-quote ".

p<>. If the source contained:

p<>. __"To be or not to be," quoth the bard, "that is the question."__ then the typeset document produced by TeX would not contain the desired form: __``To be or not to be," quoth the bard, ``that is the question."__

p<>. In order to produce the desired form, the source file must contain the sequence:

__``To be or not to be,'' quoth the bard, ``that is the question.''__


p<>. You are to write a program which converts text containing double-quote (") characters into text that is identical except that double-quotes have been replaced by the two-character sequences required by TeX for delimiting quotations with oriented double-quotes. The double-quote (") characters should be replaced appropriately by either `` if the " opens a quotation and by '' if the " closes a quotation. Notice that the question of nested quotations does not arise:

p<>. The first " must be replaced by ``, the next by '', the next by ``, the next by '', the next by ``, the next by '', and so on.

h2. Input and Output

p<>. Input will consist of several lines of text containing an even number of double-quote (") characters. Input is ended with an end-of-file character. The text must be output exactly as it was input except that:

p<>. the first " in each pair is replaced by two ` characters: `` and the second " in each pair is replaced by two ' characters: ''.

problem extracted from "TEX Quotes":http://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=com_onlinejudge&Itemid=8&category=4&page=show_problem&problem=208